---
layout: "nutanix"
page_title: "NUTANIX: nutanix_image"
sidebar_current: "docs-nutanix-datasource-image"
description: |-
 Describes a Image
---

# nutanix_image

Describes a Image

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "nutanix_image" "test" {
  name        = "Ubuntu"
  description = "Ubuntu"
  source_uri  = "http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/bionic/main/installer-amd64/current/images/netboot/mini.iso"
}


data "nutanix_image" "test" {
    image_id = nutanix_image.test.id
}

data "nutanix_image" "testname" {
    image_name = nutanix_image.test.name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `image_id`: Represents image UUID
* `image_name`: Represents image name

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `name`: -  The name for the image.
* `categories`: - Categories for the image.
* `project_reference`: - The reference to a project.
* `owner_reference`: - The reference to a user.
* `availability_zone_reference`: - The reference to a availability_zone.
* `api_version` -
* `description`: - A description for image.
* `architecture`: - The supported CPU architecture for a disk image.
* `checksum`: - Checksum of the image. The checksum is used for image validation if the image has a source specified. For images that do not have their source specified the checksum is generated by the image service.
* `image_type`: - The type of image.
* `source_uri`: - The source URI points at the location of the source image which is used to create/update image.
* `version`: - The image version.
* `metadata`: - The image kind metadata.
* `retrieval_uri_list`: - List of URIs where the raw image data can be accessed.
* `size_bytes`: - The size of the image in bytes.
* `state`: - The state of the image.
* `data_source_reference`: - Reference to a data source.

### Metadata

The metadata attribute exports the following:

* `last_update_time`: - UTC date and time in RFC-3339 format when image was last updated.
* `UUID`: - image UUID.
* `creation_time`: - UTC date and time in RFC-3339 format when image was created.
* `spec_version`: - Version number of the latest spec.
* `spec_hash`: - Hash of the spec. This will be returned from server.
* `name`: - image name.

### Reference

The `project_reference`, `owner_reference`, `availability_zone_reference`, `cluster_reference`, attributes supports the following:

* `kind`: - The kind name (Default value: project).
* `name`: - the name.
* `uuid`: - the UUID.

### Version

The version attribute supports the following:

* `product_name`: - Name of the producer/distribution of the image. For example windows or red hat.
* `product_version`: - Version string for the disk image.

See detailed information in [Nutanix Image](https://www.nutanix.dev/api_references/prism-central-v3/#/7dff8c26aa7ff-get-a-existing-image).